Crescent Moon, are these all your people?
It's so like you
You have to be too capable.
Said don't touch me again
But I saved you!
If it weren't for me, Zhou Xiaoxiao
You think I don't know?
What medicine is sold in your gourd?
You betrayed Yun Weizhe and his son
Just for your own benefit
You think you saved my life?
I can be with you again
Forgive you.
If you want to get rich
Wrong person
Wan Yue Wan Yue, you misunderstood me
It's a fact that you saved me
Otherwise, you will be at ease this time
We'll write it off.
How do we go?
Wanyue Wanyue
Okay, your surname Wan actually found that I didn't believe it
What's so great about you?
How dare you humiliate me again and again
You wait for me.
Sooner or later
I will ask for my vanity today
You also wait
You have to give it back.
Why are you thinking about getting married in a hurry now?
What are you talking about?
How can this be nonsense?
Wan Shao is the eldest young master of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Our family joins forces
What's wrong with that?
I don't know who it was before
Always let me marry Cao Yuanhao
Hey, dad was wrong, dad was short-sighted
Now, you have settled the marriage?
We'll be a family
Hello what's the matter
What to do
I'm going now, what's wrong with Dad?
Uh, Hexi pier out-point thing, I'm going over now
Why do I keep jumping at this prophecy?
Is something going to happen?